you suck okay over anyways guys this is
gonna be a hard last boss I'm not even
kidding
yeah you two look like through thick I
bet you I'll be right now close your
mouth shut your mouth oh good right now
back white 14 okay yeah gallery can shut
up now peanut Chengdu the mini man block
white they look cool i approximate okay
cyber well Saira well what do you want
do you think Michael could beat this
game or do you think he would beat these
at over 30 seconds or do you think he
would die in 3 seconds so I want a bad
because that cake
all those guys let's just pay that for
their moms being stretched sucky drivers
okay whatever I be thinking crap I got
there for you mom why just a game we
just talked about that's nope no we said
yeah okay guys all races jobs not
allowed and interviews I'm not even
kidding you extra wounded wait but this
is racist killing my tables back because
that's not something yeah wait there's a
good all by each telling you
he wants to be knew kiss oh yeah nice
it's like the cutscenes when you go into
those newer things these people's I
don't have to wear all right that's it
yeah with me no not like that
oh great okay guys no more sex jokes no
more races okay there we go
I don't dude might be this dripping with
sweat so are mine dude I'm probably like
losing need to cover it oh god oh god oh
god oh no no shit
oh my god no dude why me
this will burn up baby Ted like 30
minutes ago
yeah right here right here you be dead
and you'd be dead too man I mean really
gonna take them this long to care for
your ladies right now a pretty epic boss
fight fight would be like yeah oh you
only have to kill one of us dude my
fingers were dripping victory a victory
dance there's no hole victory dance guys
guys okay okay we got now he's getting
to know God help us all god help me most
of all gods do not need help no we need
help no I need help
you
oh yeah welcome back to our we're doing
a serious